Hello, today I'll show you how
It's easy with a pin-up flash
Flashes indirectly on the camera
everyone who has ever been with the
portrait photography had to do and as
beginners maybe even
has flashed and photographed with it
has quickly noticed that the
Portraits pretty hard at the moment
flash with to reveal and
do not look really nice
it does not really flatter
That's why I show you how today
one with such a young lightning we
also have the cost currently at 70
the euro even has the giga
photo stamp on amazon get like
you can make a great portrait with it
because what you actually need is
the own camera the flash and one
white wall in the back or on the ceiling
We are just such an office
handled and have the white walls
used to flash you the indirect
to show we have one here
Slope it completely white there
does not seem like a few days a day
But what does not matter is because flashed
yes anyway and the flash of a simple
stronger than the light pass the
raumfeld we have on the other wall
here on the other side also one
white wall and the third white wall in the
Back has been used as it were
Huge reflector as a softbox like
the whole thing works now
Aufsteckblitz is yes on the camera and
in the normal case one photographs so yes
that the flash on model or on
objectively and it has unsightly
shadow casts and and hard contrasts
what we now bring to the picture completely
simply turn it is the lightning turn he
just did not have such a tiltable
also a swiveling head and judge
to the ceiling or still
better on the wall behind us and if
we now flash this serves us
huge wall as a softbox you can
say and the reflecting light what
then on the model field is a lot much
softer than that hard gaudy flashes
that comes from the front and through the
are this soft pressure arises
completely different picture the
camera settings while doing the same
take pictures with after iso 100 56
Clock aperture and shutter speed of 12
hundredth
with the kit lens the 1835 so
no portrait lens or something like that
I put on 85 mm beautiful
focal length for portraits the misses
Clauss are what you have to do
Of course, adjust the flash output
Of course it has to be a bit different
if you really stop frontal
photographed or half the lightning
Turned around and the wall is illuminated
then it had to be much higher there
you have to experiment a bit
Of course we should take care of that
that the band really starts here
white so neutral light reflects
as soon as there is a bit of color in the game
is, of course, the color is back
thrown and then it can
color distortions on the model on the
Acting skin is usually not like that
Positive then the picture blog of her
So just take a look
Aufsteckblitz which costs no 70 euro
to get a great portrait
and by this indirect flash has
you also have a superb light if you
I liked the video and I like you
could help a great portrait
then make the thumbs up
subscribed to the channel on the sides there's
the links to the other channels the
the most important information about the video is available
again below in the video description
See you